misc: style change for responsiveness (#25687)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

 <!-- See the ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 12.6.0

_Released 02/14/2023 (PENDING)_

**Misc:**

> - Improved the responsiveness of the Debug Page pending run UI. Addresses [#25664](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25664).

Reviewer: Wordsmithing nitpick: "Improved the layout of the Debug Page on smaller viewports when there is a pending run."

Maybe it's just me, but I interpret the phrase "improved responsiveness" as "performance improvement"

> - Improved the responsiveness of the Debug Page pending run UI. Addresses [#25664](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25664).

Author: ```suggestion
- Improved the layout of the Debug Page on smaller viewports when there is a pending run. Addresses [#25664](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/25664).
```
